hey guys in this brother Han I'm helping
near me again and I hope best thing in
play no but I'm not gonna really talked
about the gameplay is not that good s6
skills okay so what I really want to
talk about is and it wouldnt have to
talk about what I'm gonna do that's what
I want to talk about do I want to talk
about what I'm gonna do it in my
channels enough or what I hope I can do
good stuff because what I've had the
biggest things only about montages
that's the only thing I up in doing and
fine and I'm sorry I was so bad at this
bad this game the first match after
getting sleight of hands my links if you
destroy I was really nervous getting a
button a child fabric of any rank and
all that shit it's my fear ah yeah so
I'm the only been focusing on my montage
and stuff oh boy I'll move bringing your
montages but I want think back think
that much about it like yeah like a
four-hour meal it really isn't about
there I was like awesome Iman touchdown
today that have to do that have to do
that but now I'm gonna be a free soul
I'm gonna bring you game place and would
come this oh maybe stop doing like vomit
ish yes I just kept singing sync it up
that's mine what about my yeah my
windows make your feels a lot when I
edited clip it's only it's wrong what I
uploaded so
that's full I get kind of a good quick
look there from not me being used to
regard for herself yeah so thank you for
that headshot I will go straight to my
regret a year mom I was gonna go cheap
anymore that they've had five oh my god
so that's big basin know what I wanna do
with my channel oh but there's no bad
well nice oh yeah and by the way one for
example me and voila or for real we
never practice what to say you go
straight into it makoto's something if
you messed up then but the only kimberly
we don't write down say and when I book
split into it and I start to go to hit
in there that's a bad thing about ankles
one night she came hitting like Edwards
on PlayStation so they're not I was a
big bit can't it is and for those i
canna nude this is coming to a game five
inning by
good quick slow that's yeah that was a
piece for this work in and out dancing
ah also she said I've ever sighs and so
yeah mmm maybe there will be some
changes and some bad changes and some
good changes and that right foot I try
for big joke I'm not back with you might
forget ready for the next round what's
gonna do a 360 birth was really still
like in like it this is about if that if
I had I he just notice when I went off
to this game I had it on sentences livid
that's why I keep missing me cuz I can't
slip up like it would let it even notice
I should I usually I noticed so fast
when I I have the wrong facility but it
knows there is I not get a kill tell me
did he just leave on a short or
something because I screwed up I hit it
so yeah I think is it so wrong to get a
message they're saying that I dudes on
my skull caps because I yes thus I told
it a lot and look now look at this crazy
oh yeah hell no no after reading this
message some time no I get killed first
hey probably nothing I I messed up the
audio twice now oh I kinda know what to
talk about but yeah look at that
definitely jitters my skin until so the
school's going in now so I that Laura
record more and by the way the montage
it's funky edit by mmmm friend called me
fat or Ola let's call him with rehab in
terms of time so he's a good friend of
mine I love him he loves me search every
square making support mr. William J
sorry for that mom knows but that's my
trademark doing like that sounded don't
know did he ever look like i said if i
had a container i would hit but i still
don't have a self yeah I've I haven't
been a chance lobby yeah I was foul the
kind pumped up my I don't want to get to
tend to fish I only one will get to
level seven sale not to get douche ways
of something but I would it would be
paid more cool and easy game any pills I
originally had a thermal kill bug got
five papers and this is wrong and
connecting the context of a yes watch it
watch this what about oh my god ask what
a man of the seven days before he died
that's it guys I'll see you later its
father here
Oh